Expose frequency in the build_dcp script (#1229)
firesim/firesim: docs/Advanced-Usage/Supernode.rst

RocketChips with DDR3 memory models. You can build your own AGFI, using the supplied samples in
``config_build_recipes.yaml``.  Importantly, in order to meet FPGA timing
contraints, Supernode target may require lower host clock frequencies.

> Host clock frequencies can be configured as parts of the platform_config_args 

Reviewer: Ditto on code formatting.

> (or ``PLATFORM_CONFIG`` if not using F1) in ``config_build_recipes.yaml``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(this must be done using ``PLATFORM_CONFIG`` if not using F1) in ``config_build_recipes.yaml``.
```
